#summary Why this Bonus Pack, and what does it give.

OSMDroid provides an simple and efficient way to move an application from Google Maps to OpenStreetMap. OSMDroid provides:
  * the map tiles (MapView) and the usual zoom/pan tools (MapController)
  * the standard overlays (ItemizedOverlay, MyLocationOverlay,...)
  * and some additional overlays (MinimapOverlay, PathOverlay,...)

However, in most map-based applications, we want more!
So, here comes OSMDroid Bonus Pack. 

= Geocoding and Reverse Geocoding =
Android provides the Geocoder class. BUT... according to Google Terms&Conditions, it can only be used in relation with a Google map. 

So, OSMDroid Bonus Pack provides GeocoderNominatim class, which is fully compatible with Android Geocoder API. 
It access to Nominatim service: 
 * OSM Nominatim
 * MapQuest Nominatim
 * or any other Nominatim-compliant service. 
Migrating from Android Geocoder is a simple change of class name. 

= Routes and Directions = 
OSMDroid Bonus Pack provides a set of classes to get routes, with turn-by-turn information and route shape:
 * RoadManagers retrieve roads from a variety of services providers. Currently supported: MapQuest Open API and OSRM. RoadManager can also build a PathOverlay with the route shape, ready-to-display. 
 * Result is a "Road" object
 * RoadNode array contains the turn-by-turn information
 * Also provided, some route-related utilities: polyline encoder/decoder, polyline reducer based on Douglas-Peucker algorithm. 


= Cartoon-bubble Overlays =
OSMDroid Bonus Pack provides the InfoWindow class. This is a view that can be displayed on an OSMDroid map, associated to a GeoPoint. 
Typical usage is to have cartoon-like bubble displayed when clicking an overlay item. 
The API mimics the InfoWindow class of Google Maps JavaScript API V3. 
A NinePatch background and a standard layout are provided in the sample application. 


= Map events handling = 
MapEventsOverlay and MapEventsReceiver classes provide a simple way to manage single-press and long-press events somewhere on the map. 
Example: long-press on the map to define the destination, a new POI,... 
